If you visited the RVPR office today, you'd see a thriving company culture, a hub of 100 teammates in tech, business, marketing, media, and everything in between. A place to learn and build and grow and have fun doing it. But it hasn't always been this way. In fact, just five years ago, none of this existed. Puerto Rico was still reeling from the devastating effects of Hurricane Maria, the deadliest storm to hit the island in decades and in the national spotlight. This crisis seemed to confirm an already bleak picture of what was possible here. Puerto Rico is a complicated place. It's a beautiful island filled with a lot of passionate people, but opportunities are not endless. The story we hear over and over as we're growing up is all the opportunities are outside the island. Oh, we just have better companies in the us. We have better salaries in the Us. We have a lot of people who are leaving Puerto Rico for better opportunities, better jobs, better pay. You basically had to make a decision between career and living in Puerto Rico. It takes a lot to change a narrative, decades in the making, but a lot has changed since RVPR opened its doors in 2019. As for how we got here, it all started with a group of Puerto Ricans who had virtually nothing in common except Grit, perseverance, Energy, And most importantly A love for this island. People that are born here really want to be here. You can leave the island emotionally. What I love About this island is the people. People are like the climate. It's just so warm. It's very warm, welcoming culture. You miss it. Uh, if you're, if you've been away for a while, Part of being Puerto Rican, like your families are with you every step of the way, a bit too much at times, I was desperately looking for a way to come back home. My family was all here. I just didn't see how I was gonna get back Home. I always thought of ways that I could structure my career, my life path in a way that would help me help Puerto Rico. There's a magic to this island in, in the weather that that is hard to explain and I just, I really wanted to figure out a way to, to give back The desire to help. Puerto Rico had always been there, but Hurricane Maria was the catalyst that propelled our team into action. Rick made a bold pledge to invest $100 million in the island over five years. Jon, see in Puerto Rico, there's no doubt in my mind that we can build companies in Puerto Rico that actually can serve much more than the island or even the US can serve the, the whole world. I have an idea and I need you to help us make it a movement. He really talked about disrupting the status quo here on the island. Let's train young people up, bring them back, and have that become a domino effect. Can we create opportunities in Puerto Rico to grow the economy here and to export jobs? And by doing that, can we attract people to come back to the island? At that point in time, like we had just come out from Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico is not a good place to invest, right? Like objectively Red Ventures has to be in this for the right reasons. In my mind, it was very sketchy. I don't know much about Rick. I don't know what Red Ventures is. You have to be a very specific type of person for that type of message to drive you to leave everything you know behind to try this out. I Was like, sign me up. Those bold enough to accept the forward mission, left their careers behind and moved to Charlotte for a year of, well, they weren't quite sure. When we signed up for forward 7, 8, 7, there was really no clear idea of what we were going to encounter. Not a lot of instructions really at that point. It was like, we're gonna spend a year in Charlotte and then we're gonna figure it out. It wasn't just gonna be handed to us like, this is what you're gonna do. Ignorance is a bliss. If I would've known some of the things that we found out shortly thereafter, I don't know if I would've made the same pledge, but I think that's the mother of invention is, is is the struggle. The group plugged into teams all across red ventures. Learning skills like digital marketing, analytics and technology on top of a crash course in RV culture. We always joked about that. This was a sort of like a, an experiment. I mean we had lawyers, we had engineers, we had consultants. It was a very diverse group and us unlearning what we had learned previously and learning the the Red Ventures way, It was very empowering, yet humbling at the same Time. I think it felt like professional college. When I joined Red Ventures, I was not analytical. That's what I'm gonna say. We probably had almost everyone in the senior exec team coach us, mentor us, opened their doors completely. We were very welcome by the entire company. The values of RV fit perfectly within Puerto Rican values. I guess The ambition, the drive, wanting to get better and helping others get better around you. I think you mix that with a little bit of Puerto Rico and Latin flavor and just magic happens. Speaking of magic, the forward cohort also brought a little culture of their own. Coming to Charlotte and being in this space where our heritage was very welcomed and very celebrated was really awesome. We were a little bit loud every time we went to the office. Uh, I think it was good and bad, but mostly good. We used to sing Happy Birthday to people all around the office and everybody would be like, what is happening? 'cause we had instruments. You could feel that like, okay, comradery, family aspect of it. We were very similar in that we were all there kind of for the same reason. So that definitely united us very driven, you know, individuals just kind of coming together for the same purpose, whether It was life event, a business event, whatever. We were all there for Each other. We built a lot of great memories together and it brought us really close as a group and I think set a really great foundation for what we've been able to do since we came back Forward. 7 87 came about in order to recruit professionals interested in bringing new life, energy and business opportunity to Puerto Rico. We've worked alongside you over the past year and now roughly half of this team is returning to Puerto Rico and taking a piece of Rev Venture spirit with us. Woo. Thank you. Thank you. Now people say you have to enjoy the journey. Living in Puerto Rico is absolutely an adventure. After spending a year in Charlotte, it was not great. Coming back to Puerto Rico, we moved in December, 2019 and we had a handful of earthquakes. Not only were we coming back, a lot of us were coming back after having spent a long time not living here. So it was adapting to life back here again. We were in this temporary office right here in the corner and it was very, very startupy. We literally had to go to Ikea, build our own desks and chairs. We didn't have AC 'cause the power had been out. We were sweating. We were like, what is this? And then to top it all off, the pandemic hit, but we Powered through it and we did it Part of our nature or DNA in Puerto Rico, we just figure it out, right? Like we, we have no other choice. And so there was something beautiful out of that chaos. In those moments where the obstacles kept coming up and kept coming up. We still have that long-term goal and that shared vision. We are Here all with the same purpose, which is helping Puerto Rico evolve, attracting talent back to Puerto Rico so we can bring Puerto Rico to the world and we can also benefit the people that are here locally All along. You know the, the tenants have been right. We gave our DNA to a group of people and eventually that DNA took its own life and its own view. There's an energy around here that you just have to like be here to feel it. People are very excited to come to work. They're excited to see what we're building here. We are now building in Armada. We have all this constellation of different companies. We have Navi Bank. We wanna do banking differently. We wanna expedite the process. We wanna be more agile. Let's say I'm a new media company. We're Changing the narrative. You feel better, you feel more empowered because of the information that you found on Ilian. The Ilian business's going to allow us to grow our presence in the island even faster. And then RVPR, which is a talent hub. Recently we moved one of our big businesses of education here, which is a big deal. There's been a lot of work done here, making sure we had a really solid foundation. We have new people that have joined, but they've all been built on the shoulders of the talent that has been here prior. Yes, We wanna be the change we wanna see in the world and I think what we're doing here is starting to give the younger generations a belief that they can change the story and the future of this island. Do we feel like we're changing Puerto Rico? 100%. You can drive by La Pon Leon and see the building and that in itself, it's an impact. It was an abandoned building. Just us being here and the growth we've been able to have in headcount or in the amounts of businesses that are based out of here. We've really set a flag locally in Puerto Rico for what is possible. It's a pinch me moment walking in every day and seeing the office so full and seeing so many people just graduated, having good careers working. It's like we say, which is like, it makes you feel really proud. Seeing The opportunity and seeing that we're actually making strides at really keeps us going and motivated every single day. For people that are graduating now, high school and college, to know that we are part of this movement of creating good opportunities here, It's creating an option for that engineer in Maas, who five years ago would've not even looked at or considered staying in Puerto Rico. Once you create a company that is offering more competitive salaries, more competitive benefits and opportunities for people to really learn and grow, other companies have to do the same. It Also signals that we're sending to other businesses to let them know you can invest here. You can bring your your people here and you can grow them here. It's going to improve healthcare. It's going to improve infrastructure. It's gonna help us improve education, houses, Cars, groceries. You're creating economic development and growth and movement for our island. We already have a really awesome alumni network that are going on to start companies, work at other companies, work in government. I was part of the second cohort of forward 7, 8, 7, and now I work for the government of Puerto Rico. My experience in RV has helped me to be faster to, to take more strategically, more analytically. This is the standard now, right? Like whenever we go somewhere else, we know the type of culture we want to have. We know the type of work ethic we want to have. We can have a, an impact in the US market and the global market from Puerto Rico. I think we have the ability to build the next generation of leaders that are going to take this from a place where people are concerned if it's gonna make it or not, to, wow, I need to go to Puerto Rico. That's the place where things are happening. This is the moment. The Future's very bright.